Bluetooth: Mesh: Update DM server docs (#9538)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/mesh/vnd/dm_srv.rst

The Distance Measurement Server vendor model provides capabilities to measure distance between Bluetooth® mesh devices within radio proximity.
The measurements are conducted through the :ref:`mod_dm` library.

At creation, each Distance Measurement Server instance must be initialized with a memory object that can hold one or more measurement results. The maximum allowed number of entries in this memory object is restricted to 127 entries.
The Distance Measurement Server populates this memory object whenever a new measurement is conducted.
The results can be queried by a :ref:`bt_mesh_dm_cli_readme`.

.. note::
   The current implementation is classified with :ref:`experimental <software_maturity>` software maturity.

.. figure:: bt_mesh_dm_models.svg
   :alt: Sequence diagram for DM procedure

>    :align: center

Author: It is a draw.io export

> A Distance measurement procedure is started by issuing a ``bt_mesh_dm_cli_measurement_start`` message from a Distance Measurement Client. Within this message the caller must define the target address the receiving server shall perform the measurement with, and the desired measurement mode. The caller may also define the ``bt_mesh_dm_cfg`` parameters that they wish to use in this measurement. When the Distance Measurement Server, henceforth called Server 1, receives this message it will start a timeout timer, either with the default timeout or the timeout attached to the start message. It will then add a distance measurement request in the reflector role, using the mode attached to the start message. Server 1 will then issue a synchronization message to the target address enclosed in the received start message which points to another Distance Measurement Server, henceforth called Server 2. The synchronization message will contain the same mode as Server 1 received in the start message, and the same timeout value. When Server 2 receives the syn message it will start its own timeout timer and add a distance measurement request in the initiator role using the mode attached to the start message. If the ranging procedure is successful, the result will be stored on both Server 1 and Server 2. In addition, Server 1 will send the measured result as a response back to the Distance Measurement Client that initiated the procedure.

Reviewer: test

> If the ranging procedure should fail the result will still be stored as an entry on both servers, and Server 1 will send this entry as a response to the client indicating that something went wrong during the procedure.
> 
> .. note::
>    Due to size restrictions in the result message format, measurements exceeding 65535 centimeters (UINT16_MAX) will be floored to 65535 centimeters. E.g. any client receiving a result with a value set to 65535 shall be interpreted as 65535 centimeters **or higher**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the ranging procedure fails, the result is still stored on both servers.
The DM SRV 1 sends the result entry as a response to the client, indicating that something went wrong during the procedure.

.. note::
   Due to size restrictions in the result message format, measurements exceeding 65535 centimeters (UINT16_MAX) will be floored to 65535 centimeters.
   Clients receiving results with values set to 65535 should interpret the result as 65535 centimeters **or higher**.
```
